it's by far the UK's biggest
demonstration since the start of the
Israeli bombardment of
Gaza hundreds of thousands of people
many traveling from other parts of the
UK demanding an end to the killing I
mean there's too many too many children
dying needlessly totally needlessly and
it needs to stop protest organizers were
under intense pressure to popone or
cancel the Prime Minister said a
demonstration would be disrespectful
because it coincided with arm this day
the interior Minister Home Secretary SEL
braan even described the pro Palestinian
rallies as hate Marchers it is not a
hate March as you can see we are not
putting up posters that are um showing
kind of like anti-Semitism if there was
we would have been like showing some
called sort of anti-Semitism but there's
nothing like that here the seneta war
memorial was made part of a police
exclusion zone for fear that it might be
vandalized and nearly 2,000 extra police
were on
duty
there was
violence but it was from Far Right White
English nationalists who clashed with
police and threw bottles and other
objects at the
officers the pro Palestinian marches
remained
peaceful people are reasserting the
fundamental right to protest to hold
those in power to account and to March
peacefully peacefully on the streets
calling for a ceasefire calling for
peace on Armistice Day of all days the
size of this protest and the fact that
it's happened at all is Vindication for
the organizers who've resisted so many
days of pressure to have it cancelled
but they say as long as the killing in
GZA continues so will the protests Paul
Brennan AL jazer Central
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer